Update MALT (#468)
Azure/Mission-Critical-Online: src/testing/loadtest-azure/README.md

# Load testing with Azure Load Test Service (MALT)

> Azure Mission-Critical uses the Microsoft Azure Load Test Service (MALT) for load testing. MALT is a Apache JMeter-based managed service and is implemented as a standalone as well as as a pipeline-embedded solution in Azure Mission-Critical.

Reviewer: same here regarding JMeter

> Standalone creates the Load test infrastructure, creates a test and uploads the JMeter load test definition created and optimized for the Azure Mission-Critical sample application and its APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Standalone pipeline creates the Load test resource in Azure, creates a test and uploads the JMeter load test definition created and optimized for the Azure Mission-Critical sample application and its APIs.
```

> The Standalone pipeline creates the Load test resource in Azure, creates a test and uploads the JMeter load test definition created and optimized for the Azure Mission-Critical sample application and its APIs.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Azure.AlwaysOn Deploy Azure Load Test (standalone)** pipeline creates the Load test resource in Azure, creates a test and uploads the JMeter load test definition created and optimized for the Azure Mission-Critical sample application and its APIs.
```
